{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red5\green99\blue193;\red29\green33\blue41;\red51\green51\blue51;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc3\levelnfcn3\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{upper-alpha\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc3\levelnfcn3\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{upper-alpha\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1001\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid11}
{\list\listtemplateid12\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid12}
{\list\listtemplateid13\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid13}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid12\listoverridecount0\ls12}{\listoverride\listid13\listoverridecount0\ls13}}
{\info
{\author Sami}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh15380\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Moi, t\'e4ss\'e4 ohjeita ja sis\'e4lt\'f6\'e4. Kun saat n\'e4\'e4 tehty\'e4 niin tsekataansit l\'e4pi ja p\'e4ivitell\'e4\'e4n ja hiotaan. L\'e4het\'e4 mulle p\'e4ivitetty linkki mahd. pian.  Oon jakanut sivun + otsikon per alasivu paitsi ekassa kohdassa on my\'f6s ohjeet alasivuihin samassa. \
\page \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 1.	HOME / TALENT \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\cf0 OHJE: (T\'e4lle sivulle vain 2 artistia vierekk\'e4in niin et The Second Level (promokuva liitteen\'e4) on vasemmalla ja KIRO (promokuva liitteen\'e4) oikealla. Promokuvan alle artistinimi (THE SECOND LEVEL) ja toiseen (KIRO) kapitaaleilla j\'e4rkev\'e4n kokoisella fontilla \'96 ei tarvii olla liian iso. Kun artistinime\'e4 tai kuvaa klikkaa aukeaa alasivu johon tulee artistin biografia + promokuva suurempana, sek\'e4 some -linkit (Molemmat liitteen\'e4). \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 A)	THE SECOND LEVEL + PROMOKUVA (liitteen\'e4) -> linkitys alasivulle n\'e4ist\'e4\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\cf0 THE SECOND LEVEL  (ALASIVU/OTSIKKO) \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}1.	Promokuva + Logo (liitteen\'e4 meiliss\'e4)\
{\listtext	2.	}2.	Biography \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Second Level is a young DJ / producer from Helsinki, Finland. His musical style combines energetic future house, Melbourne bounce and various other electronic dance music genres. He started his live show career with a bang as he won a dj competition in 2014 and had a chance to play as opening act for David Guetta in Tallinn for 15.000 people. \
At Weekend Festival 2015 The Second Level played a closing finale for 30.000 people and he was also featured in the Weekend Festival\'92s 2015 after movie. In 2016 The Second Level played festival and club shows including 4 shows in 36 hours during Weekend Festival in Finland and Baltic. Currently The Second Level is working on new music with top Finnish producers and building international collaboration for 2017. \
The Second Level is definitely the most potential independent DJ/producer in Finland at the moment. In addition of having the support of the Finnish dance music scene and Northern Europe\'92s biggest EDM festival he has already made an impact on the dance music scene in Finland and Estonia. \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 3.	YouTube videolinkki embedattuna: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Kz5ksFSBtg}}\
4.	Links\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 -	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.facebook.com/thesecondlevel"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 www.facebook.com/thesecondlevel}}\
-	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.instagram.com/thesecondlevel"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 www.instagram.com/thesecondlevel}}\
-	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.soundcloud.com/the-second-level"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 www.soundcloud.com/the-second-level}} \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 5.	Edellisten alle: Booking & inquiries: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:sami@xtendedmusic.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 sami@xtendedmusic.com}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 \
\
\
B)	KIRO + PROMOKUVA (liittten\'e4) -> linkitys alasivulle n\'e4ist\'e4\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\cf0 KIRO (ALASIVU/OTSIKKO)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}1.	Promokuva + logo (liitteen\'e4 meiliss\'e4)\
{\listtext	2.	}2.	Biography\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 KIRO is one of the most interesting upcoming \'93EDM\'94 artists in Finland. Also known as a platinum-selling pop producer, Kiro releases melodic house music as an artist himself. KIRO\'92s style could be described to take place somewhere between names such as Galantis, Don Diablo, and Sigala. His first original tracks are awaited to be released during the early 2017. Although the originals are still being in progress, KIRO has released remixes to introduce his personal sound to the world.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 3.	Links\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 -	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%22http://"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 www.facebook.com/kiroshere}} \
-	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.instagram.com/kiroshere"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 www.instagram.com/kiroshere}} \
-	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.soundcloud.com/kirocloud"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 www.soundcloud.com/kirocloud}} \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\ls9\ilvl0\cf0 4.	Edellisten alle: Booking & inquiries: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:sami@xtendedmusic.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 sami@xtendedmusic.com}} \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\cf0 \
YouTube -embedaus tehd\'e4\'e4n my\'f6hemmin kun saadaan matsku \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\cf0 \page \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\ls10\ilvl0\cf0 2.	BOOKING (T\'e4lle sivulle artistit capital lettereil allekkain ja nimiin linkitys noihin mestoihin, \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\cf0 (Sivun otsikko): TALENT BOOKING \
Xtendedmusic Agency is connected with hundreds of artists and other talent agencies around the world so whatever you need \'96 you can trust us to deliver. \
(Alaotsikko): International talent / (Finland & Estonia)\
DJ\'92S FROM MARS \
Linkki: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.facebool.com/djsfrommars"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 www.facebool.com/djsfrommars}}\
SAK NOEL \
Linkki: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.saknoel.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 www.saknoel.com}} \
FILATOV & KARAS \
Linkki: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.facebook.com/djFilatov/}}\
(Toinen alaotsikko): Roster (Global booking) \
ALORA & SENII\
Linkki: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.facebook.com/aloraandsenii/}}\
LUOMA: \
Linkki: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.facebook.com/DJLuoma/}}\
NINTH FLOOR \
Linkki: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.facebook.com/NinthFloor/}}\
SALAZAR PAKYO: \
Linkki: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.facebook.com/SalazarPakyo/}}\
+ ask for any other acts, we are well connected.\
\
\page \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\ls11\ilvl0\cf0 3.	ABOUT \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160

\f1\fs20 \cf3 Xtendedmusic Agency Ltd. delivers you the best artists to your event or festival and provides services in event production, promotion and management. \
Xtendedmusic Agency is founded by Sami Veps\'e4l\'e4inen who is also one of the founding members of Weekend Festival and has worked with hundreds of live events, artists bookings and concert productions in the past 8 years. From Adam Lambert to Jennifer Lopez, from Lil Wayne to Green Day, from Paul Anka to David Guetta \'96 good music has no boundaries. 
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \
Xtendedmusic Agency is a home to some of the most aspiring young talents and provides booking and production services to festivals, promoters and various live events in Finland and abroad. We believe in long term business relationships and want to provide reliable solutions to our clients. \
Being successful is always a marriage of many things. When our client and other tie groups are successful, we will be successful and vice versa. Live music industry has a tendency to overcomplicate things and we are out on a mission to make things a little more simple and efficient. If you require professional talent booking service, marketing services or production resources to your festival event or concert do not hesitate to contact us. \
Sami Veps\'e4l\'e4inen \
CEO / Agent\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:sami@xtendedmusic.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 sami@xtendedmusic.com}}  \
\page \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\ls12\ilvl0\cf0 4.	CONTACT \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\cf0 Xtendedmusic Agency Ltd. \
Laajaniityntie 8 G89 \
01620 Vantaa \
VAT: 
\f1\fs21 \cf4 2797398-8\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:info@xtendedmusic.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 info@xtendedmusic.com}}
\f0\fs22 \cf0  \
Booking & collaboration inquiries: \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:management@xtendedmusic.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 management@xtendedmusic.com}}\
\
\page \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\ls13\ilvl0\cf0 5.	Muuta huomioitavaa: SOMELINKIT\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\cf0 - Kaikkiin somen (F, IG, YT) tunnuslogo ja linkist\'e4 uusi sivu seuraaviin kanaviin: \
Facebook: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.facebook.com/xtendedmusic"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.facebook.com/xtendedmusic}} \
Instagram: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.facebook.com/xtendedmusicagency"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.facebook.com/xtendedmusicagency}} \
YouTube: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOcVzsFxIdjxJECv3ZWrX9Q"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOcVzsFxIdjxJECv3ZWrX9Q}}\
\
COPYRIGHT NOTICE\
Copyright \'a9 Xtendedmusic Agency 2017 \
}